File                                                                                       Status
----                                                                                       ------
typechecker/configurable/PASS_basic_type                                                   BC generated
typechecker/configurable/PASS_basic_pointer_array                                          BC failed
typechecker/configurable/PASS_basic_typedef                                                BC generated
typechecker/configurable/PASS_basic_pointers                                               BC generated
typechecker/configurable/declList                                                          BC generated
typechecker/configurable/PASS_impossibleTypedef                                            BC generated
typechecker/configurable/PASS_basic_decl                                                   BC generated
typechecker/configurable/PASS_basic_init                                                   BC generated
typechecker/configurable/PASS_mutuallyExclusiveTypedefs                                    BC generated
typechecker/configurable/PASS_impossibleTypedef2                                           BC generated
typechecker/configurable/PASS_basic_statement                                              BC generated
typechecker/functions/PASS_multipleConfigs                                                 BC generated
typechecker/functions/PASS_configParam                                                     BC generated
typechecker/functions/PASS_conditionalParams                                               BC generated
typechecker/functions/PASS_basicFunctions                                                  BC generated
typechecker/functions/PASS_valid_type_function                                             BC generated
typechecker/functions/PASS_void_abstract_functions                                         File isn't valid
typechecker/functions/function_pointer                                                     BC generated
typechecker/functions/PASS_typedefParams                                                   BC generated
typechecker/functions/PASS_invalid_type_function                                           File isn't valid
typechecker/functions/PASS_abstractParam                                                   BC generated
typechecker/examples/test_struct                                                           BC generated
typechecker/examples/PASS_partial_redeclaration1                                           BC generated
typechecker/examples/scope_partial_declaration2                                            BC generated
typechecker/examples/undeclared_identifer                                                  File isn't valid
typechecker/examples/PASS_partial_redeclaration2                                           BC generated
typechecker/examples/PASS_global_redef_invalid                                             BC generated
typechecker/examples/malloc_const_void_ptr                                                 BC generated
typechecker/examples/PASS_valid_signed_unsigned                                            BC generated
typechecker/examples/volatile_abstract_declarator                                          BC generated
typechecker/examples/PASS_valid_long                                                       BC generated
typechecker/examples/typedef_stdio                                                         BC generated
typechecker/examples/PASS_missing_types_valid_qualifiers                                   BC generated
typechecker/examples/PASS_invalid_qualifiers                                               File isn't valid
typechecker/examples/PASS_staticint                                                        BC generated
typechecker/examples/PASS_invalid_signed_unsigned                                          File isn't valid
typechecker/examples/PASS_no_redeclaration                                                 BC generated
typechecker/examples/PASS_noIdentifier                                                     File isn't valid
typechecker/examples/PASS_invalid_duplicate_qualifiers                                     File isn't valid
typechecker/examples/PASS_valid_qualifiers                                                 BC generated
typechecker/examples/scope_partial_declaration1                                            BC generated
typechecker/examples/PASS_global_redef_valid                                               BC generated
typechecker/examples/test_struct_prohibit_initializer                                      File isn't valid
typechecker/examples/PASS_valid_complex                                                    BC generated
typechecker/examples/PASS_seentypes                                                        File isn't valid
typechecker/examples/PASS_valid_duplicate_qualifiers                                       BC generated
typechecker/examples/PASS_invalid_long                                                     File isn't valid
typechecker/examples/typedef                                                               BC generated
typechecker/examples/typedefname_with_qualifer                                             BC generated
typechecker/declarators/PASS_valid_typedef_ident                                           BC generated
typechecker/declarators/PASS_void_typedef                                                  File isn't valid
typechecker/declarators/PASS_invalid_typedefs                                              File isn't valid
typechecker/declarators/PASS_valid_typedef                                                 SuperC failed
typechecker/declarators/PASS_valid_typedef                                                 BC failed
typechecker/declarators/PASS_valid_Array_Pointer                                           BC generated
typechecker/declarators/PASS_valid_decl_quals                                              BC generated
typechecker/declarators/PASS_valid_array_implicit_length                                   BC generated
typechecker/declarators/invalid_typedef                                                    File isn't valid
typechecker/declarators/invalid_Array_Pointer                                              File isn't valid
typechecker/declarators/PASS_paren                                                         BC generated
typechecker/declarators/PASS_valid_array_with_init                                         BC generated
typechecker/struct/tagged                                                                  BC generated
typechecker/struct/selfref                                                                 BC generated
typechecker/struct/nested_anonymous                                                        SuperC failed
typechecker/struct/nested_anonymous                                                        BC failed
typechecker/struct/redef                                                                   SuperC failed
typechecker/struct/redef                                                                   BC failed
typechecker/struct/tagnamespace                                                            BC generated
typechecker/struct/struct_init                                                             BC generated
typechecker/struct/no_nested_redef                                                         File isn't valid
typechecker/struct/struct_global_forward_reference                                         File isn't valid
typechecker/struct/nested                                                                  File isn't valid
typechecker/struct/anonymous                                                               BC generated
typechecker/compound/primitive_function2                                                   BC generated
typechecker/compound/pointer_struct1                                                       File isn't valid
typechecker/compound/primitive_pointer1                                                    BC generated
typechecker/compound/array_function1                                                       BC failed
typechecker/compound/pointer_pointer2                                                      BC generated
typechecker/compound/pointer_pointer1                                                      BC generated
typechecker/compound/pointer_struct2                                                       BC generated
typechecker/compound/primitive_struct2                                                     BC generated
typechecker/compound/primitive_array1                                                      File isn't valid
typechecker/compound/struct_function2                                                      BC generated
typechecker/compound/struct_struct1                                                        File isn't valid
typechecker/compound/pointer_function1                                                     SuperC failed
typechecker/compound/pointer_function1                                                     BC failed
typechecker/compound/struct_function1                                                      BC generated
typechecker/compound/primitive_array2                                                      BC generated
typechecker/compound/struct_struct2                                                        BC generated
typechecker/compound/array_struct1                                                         File isn't valid
typechecker/compound/array_function2                                                       BC generated
typechecker/compound/pointer_array1                                                        File isn't valid
typechecker/compound/array_struct2                                                         BC generated
typechecker/compound/array_array1                                                          BC generated
typechecker/compound/primitive_function1                                                   BC failed
typechecker/compound/primitive_pointer2                                                    BC failed
typechecker/compound/function_function1                                                    BC generated
typechecker/compound/primitive_primitive1                                                  BC generated
typechecker/compound/primitive_struct1                                                     File isn't valid
typechecker/compound/function_function2                                                    BC generated
typechecker/compound/pointer_function2                                                     BC generated
typechecker/compound/pointer_array2                                                        BC generated
